#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cattrs
    #   requests-cache
awsebcli==3.20.10
    # via -r requirements.in
blessed==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
botocore==1.31.85
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
build==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cattrs==23.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-cache
cement==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cli-helpers==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pgspecial
    #   pip-tools
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   typer
configobj==5.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cli-helpers
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwt
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-openid
distlib==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-bootstrap5
    #   django-debug-toolbar
django-allauth==0.58.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bootstrap5==23.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
identify==2.5.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipdb
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via awsebcli
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pgspecial==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-cache
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pre-commit==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psycopg==3.1.17
    # via pgspecial
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pybites-search==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   botocore
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pybites-search
python-http-client==3.3.7
    # via sendgrid
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   pre-commit
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   django-allauth
    #   pybites-search
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-cache==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pybites-search
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
ruff==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
sendgrid==6.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==1.39.2
    # via -r requirements.in
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   awsebcli
    #   blessed
    #   configobj
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   pgspecial
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starkbank-ecdsa==2.2.0
    # via sendgrid
tabulate[widechars]==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cli-helpers
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer[all]==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pybites-search
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   psycopg
    #   typer
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.24.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
wcwidth==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awsebcli
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   tabulate
wheel==0.42.0
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
